*Summary of Discussion at ChiHackNight - 3/21/17*

### Attendees: Giordon S., Jason S., Melissa M., Nick N. RGCHI, Sandy T.

Concept: “Google Search for Signs” - Giordon

**Problems to Solve:**
1. ASL interpreters and students do not have up-to-date reference to learn new technical signs
2. Open Signs will help standardize STEM terms (currently in disarray)

**What potential $$$ OpenSigns needs to pay:**
1. Database Storage
2. [ElasticSearch](https://www.elastic.co/products/elasticsearch); [Overview](http://exploringelasticsearch.com/overview.html)

**Advantage(s) of Open Signs**
- No bureaucracy like deaf programs’ online dictionary
  - Anyone can contribute. Does not need to be in academic. No red tape. 
- The open-source of it helps Open Signs not to rely on funding, meaning it could last for years as long as people contribute as opposed to online dictionary project being funded by grants. Also other people can use/customize the Open Signs to their own dictionary needed for their community (perhaps law, medical, etc.)

### Potential Features
- ‘Like’ thumb icon as ‘approval’
- ‘Report’ for obvious abuse / trolling / disapproval / not helpful contribution
  - With a sub menu to determine what you’re reporting. 
  - Have a place to segment out regional sign
  - Should a login / account / email be required to ‘report’
  - Use of vidgif for showing hands sign?
    - Easy to share on Facebook / Twitter / Google
- Sure to include a blurb to describe the video sign above. Include use in context. Give an example of it’s use.
- Video format: gifv
  - Enables an user to set preferences, such as GIF as loop or not

### How to Display and/or Categorize Terms? Several possibilities:
1. Simple Big Search Box on homepage like Google
2. Category Boxes like Apple TV display (boxes like science, tech., eng., and math)

### Internal team (+ possible external) Features
Add Data Analysis: Research which terms are popular, least popular, failed search for a term, etc.

Advanced search options (based on research of William Stokie, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Stokoe):
- Palm orientation (where the palm of hand faces: up out
- Location (on body and in space)
- Patterns of Movement Hold Movement 
- Hand Shape

### User Profile / Upload:
- Sign GIF displays location / region of sign. This may prevent misunderstanding or ‘report’ from those not living in the same location / region.
- Bookmarks to save signs
- User upload video gif / limits to 10 seconds for signing the term, explain the concept of sign, etc. (don’t spell out word...it wastes time)

### Backend- Use [Ruby Grape](https://github.com/ruby-grape/grape)?

**What we need to be cautious about:** Not to have Open Signs to be overrun by ASL students. Ensure that native signers also contribute.
