*Summary of Discussion at ChiHackNight - 5/9/17*

### Attendees: Richard Goodrow and Nick Ng

Nick explains to Richard the next steps for OpenSigns
1. Giordon's concern about database and catgeories
2. Melissa and Elena to draft and create surveys for three audiences: 1) Interpreters; 2) ASL students (advanced); 3) d/Deaf/HOH

### Re: Database + Categories

Richard expresses concerns about making catagories overly stringent because
> Categories need to make room / make space for complexity and fluidity. Linguistics students may be interested in more specifics, but strict shouldn’t be required. This is an interesting domain. PhD linguistics students may spend years on trying to solve this problem of how do you encode ASL into a database friendly encoding system.

At bare-minumum / MVP (Minimal Viable Product), we could start categories borrowed from / inspired by: 1) Stokoe Notation and/or 2) Transcription systems as input to coding systems: [SignWriting & SignTyp]( http://www.signwriting.org/archive/docs7/sw0623_TISLR_2010_SignWriting_SignTyp_Poster.pdf)

### Re: Surveys

Questions to ask
1. For all three audiences: If you don’t know the sign for a word, how do you find it and/or your preferred way to finding them? Online? YouTube? Book? Social Media? (get behavioral insights)
2. In a perfect world, how would you want to find the corresponding sign(s) to relate the concept of something like the “Aurora Borealis”? What do you think would be the quickest, most convenient, and most accurate source? Do you prefer to look through a A-B-C list? Do you prefer to search on the English equivalent?

### Re: Concern about hearing contributors overtaking deaf contributors for GIFs/Clips

Website visitors will be disportionately high hearing users since it targets ASL interpreters; however, to close the gap between hearing and deaf contributors, we should set a criteria/expectation when hearing, esp. ASL student, wants to contribute a GIF/clip
1. Any ASL student / participant willing to be filmed should have a first hand experience with Deafness - being born deaf, losing hearing, navigating a hearing world, having family members...
2. When possible, strongly encourage to find a deaf representative to video themselves instead of themselves
3. CODA is encouraged to participate

- - -
### May 11, 2017: Added from DeafPros Slack

[@kratsg](https://github.com/kratsg)'s comment re: database and GIFs/Clips

> One, I really think it's fine if we don't add like all the tags.. but we really need that infrastructure in place. designing a database is hard and I really want to do it right out of the gate.

> Database is zeroth. The process of adding signs/removing signs/editing signs comes first. The process of indexing is second. And the reason I say database comes 0th, is almost literally because this is open-sourced. if we can't organize our data in a good-ish enough way for those with tech skills to contribute, we're dead in the water.

> The next is about hearing GIF/clip. We can certainly say that a clip was provided by a Deaf, or HoH, or Interp Student, or Interp, or CODA, etc... We can rely on the community to self-moderate to some extent.
