_Summary of Discussion at ChiHackNight - 5/16/17_

### Attendees: Emily W., Richard G., Nick N., Jason S. (remotely)

Tasks
1. Create survey questions for interpreters, hearing users of ASL, and d/Deaf/HOH
2. Have Richard and Emily become more familiar with the project

- - -
### Survey Questions (Draft)

For higher response rate, keep survey short and easy to reply

Intro: Briefly explain the project.  

1. Select what you most identify yourself with:
      - [ ] Professional Interpreter
      - [ ] ASL Teacher
      - [ ] ASL Student
      - [ ] CODA (Child of Deaf Adult)
      - [ ] SPODA (Spouse of Deaf Adult)
      - [ ] SODA (Sibling of Deaf Adult)
      - [ ] Hearing User of Sign Language
      - [ ] d/Deaf/HOH
      - [ ] Other `fill form`)
    - If you’re a non-native user of ASL, how did you learn ASL? How long have you been part of the deaf community? `fill comment box`
2. If you don’t know the sign for a word, how do you find it and/or what’s your preferred way to finding them? On a website/app? Youtube? A book? Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.)? Ask a colleague (e.g. an interpreter, ASL teacher, deaf person)? `fill comment box`
    - _Purpose of this question is to get behavioral insights_
    - _If interpreters, get insights into what tools they use before assignment job_
3. In a perfect world, how would you want to find the corresponding sign(s) to relate the concept, e.g. “Aurora Borealis”? What would be the quickest, most convenient and accurate resource? `fill comment box`
4. Can we contact you for further questions? `add email contact form`

- - -

### Discussion Notes
1. **Richard:** “Can I trust the accuracy of this entry?” Who are the survey participants?
2. A lot of times, answers always seem to include the phrase “it depends”. How can we factor this out?
    - Maybe when users upload a sign, include a sentence or two about what context it was developed in? (e.g. for a programming 101 class, we used this sign when explaining control flow...)
3. **Emily:** How does a sign get approved? For high domain specific areas (technology), who decides what is acceptable? 
4. Need to form a committee for OpenSigns
    - development/design team can engage with the system and get direct experience + feedback on how the website is being used
5. Read [*ASL-STEM Forum: Enabling Sign Language to GrowThrough Online Collaboration*](http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=1753642) (see pdf in ChiHackNight / #cd2bit channel or ACM digital library)
6. Potential uses for share a vocab list:
    - Team assignment: Would be great to have a way for the at rest interpreter to send an entry to their active member. So that when they switch, the previously active interpreter can have a notes entry of vocabulary words. Would also love to have a synchronized notepad that the terps could share during this team assignment.		 
    - Preliminary research: Before class, TA, teacher, or agency could build a vocabulary list and send to the intended team terps. 
    - Can we use ranking system? (answer: yes)

### Whiteboard Notes

**Interactions:**
1. Uploading
    - Video, Clip or GIF
      1. Sign alone itself
      2. Sign in a sentence / context
    - Meaning
    - Summary of context/origin
    - Optional: Related signs and/or words
2. Searching (specify)
3. Browsing (non-specific)
4. Giving feedback for uploading signs
    - Moderator(s)
    - Community votes / Ranking System (Need critical mass of users for contribution and feedback)
    - Comments (ensure no petty opinions; feedback re: local differences, research notes, where did you find it?)

A big value of OpenSigns is _Deaf Professionals Documenting their Language_.

**Emily:** “Re: process comment, maybe it’d be good to work closely with a particular interpreter & student at university (beta; mostly contributing & not searching yet) to figure out what type of support and features they need.” 
