Signs 5 Chi Hack night
July 25, 2017

* Emily
* Sandy 
* Vera
* The one-and-a-half  handed lady formerly known as Melissa 
* Richard


M asked E to review designs given her HCI background. 

M talked about the ranking page. Nick was asking how it would look with two vs ten images. M reported the arrow added to bottom images looked awful. Still seeking feedback for how to improve flow. R recommended looking at clothing stores which have a main image and sub images with side scrolling. M will explore more: Zappos

S and M agreed that logo is always used as a home button; concept seems universal. 

M reported the previous week’s meeting discussed “flow”. 

R suggested that logic be place on intro videos. If user is on a poor connection, skip video. If a cookie exists of the user vising x-times within the last few days, skip videos. M suggested intro be video be moved to New User flow. 

FAQ should be accordion. 

Process of authorization 
* Accounts handled using oauth2 
* User clicks the “Login with Google” (or other third party) button
* User is taken to Google account sign-in page (on Google website, not signs 5 website)
* (Behind the scenes) We ask the third party (e.g. Google) for information about that person (e.g. name, email address, age, w/e you want and is available in the third party’s database)
* (Behind the scenes) Successfully got the information from third party!
* User is taken to next signs 5 page (could either be additional form asking for more profile information, or just move on to the next page in the flow) 
* If you have additional questions about what happens here ask Richard or Emily 

At create form: 
* Fields: 
  * Title or sign gloss
  * URL to gifv
  * Region
  * Why did you sign it this way? 
  * Describe the meaning of this sign
  * Tags of English equivalents 
  * Tags of related signs 
* Inferred (through post process):
  * Any other information able to be pulled from gfycat (or thrid party host)
  * Exif data from image
* Automatically captured
  * IP
  * Date/Time

Confirmation page: TODO

Do we need a review team for reviewing the gif upload (right after submission)? 

How about allowing for users to react as they stumble into signs (thumbs up, thumbs down ← we might want something that’s more expressive than just up or down… comments, emoji, etc.)?

Instead of emoji, create a ILY and IRLY icons. NG for no good. (That’s not for Nick’s name. We still like you. Have fun camping.) (but could be easily misconstrued)

Different forms of user engagement?
* Create/submit signs
* Give quick feedback (emoticon reactions) on existing sign pages  
* Give more detailed feedback (discussions) on existing sign pages

