_Summary of Discussion at ChiHackNight - 5/30/17_

### Attendees: Giordon S., Melissa M., Sandy T., Jimmy W., Nick N.; RGCHI and Jason S. (both remotely)

Tasks for the Night
1. Discuss DeafChi
2. Explain projects to Jimmy W., a new attendee
3. Discuss and work on SignsFive general survey questions
4. Discuss any issues relating to SignsFive

- - - 

**DeafChi**
- Melissa will interview Sandy soon for *Conversations*
- Melissa has uploaded images to Drive for any use for DeafChi website
- Nick and Giordon will fix/refine the site layout

**SignsFive**
- Giordon explained a bit about his work on the [API](https://github.com/deafchi/opensigns-api/blob/master/README.md)
- **Landing Page / General Survey I Website**: 
	- Jason will send signed video
  - Once Nick finishes the landing page, he'll send to Jason to make it live
	- Finalized [Survey Draft](https://signsfive.typeform.com/to/mzw6sM)
  - Nick will work on team page to link to landing page
- Discussed how to sign *SignsFive*: 2-3 potential signs 
