_Summary of Discussion at ChiHackNight - 5/23/17_

### Attendees: Giordon S., Emily W., Richard G., Nick N., Jason S.

Tasks for the Night
1. Discuss and work on SignsFive general survey questions.
2. Discuss various technical tools to use for backend and frontend.

- - -
### Survey Questions (Draft)

For higher response rate, keep survey short and easy to reply. Will use [TypeForm](https://www.typeform.com/).

_Open source the data results from TypeForm. Inform survey participants that personal identification / emails will not be shared, but other data will be. (Will need to rework this sentence to sound less invasive? Explain why open sourcing is helpful?)_

Intro: Briefly explain the project.  

1. Which do you most identify yourself with? (Select one or more that's applicable) 
      - [ ] Professional Interpreter
      - [ ] CDI and/or DI Interpreter
      - [ ] Sign Language Teacher
      - [ ] Sign Language Student
      - [ ] d/Deaf/HOH
      - [ ] DeafBlind
      - [ ] CODA (Child of Deaf Adult)
      - [ ] SPODA (Spouse of Deaf Adult)
      - [ ] SODA (Sibling of Deaf Adult)
      - [ ] Hearing User of Sign Language
      - [ ] Other `fill form`)
    - If you’re a non-native user of ASL, how did you learn ASL? How long have you been part of the deaf community? `fill comment box`
2. If you don’t know the sign for a word, how do you find it and/or what’s your preferred way to finding them? 
      - [ ] On a website and/or app 
      - [ ] Videos (e.g. Youtube) 
      - [ ] Books 
      - [ ] Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.)
      - [ ] Ask a colleague (e.g. an interpreter, ASL teacher, deaf person)? 
      `fill comment box to give more details`
    - _Purpose of this question is to get behavioral insights_
    - _If interpreters, get insights into what tools they use before assignment job_
3. In a perfect world, how would you want to find the corresponding sign(s) to relate the concept, e.g. “Aurora Borealis”? What would be the quickest, most convenient and accurate resource? `fill in box`
4. Do you use/need STEM signs in your life? (e.g. as a signer rather than interpreter?)
5. If you're an interpreter, have you interpreted for STEM-related jobs? (e.g. for clients, workshops, classes, talks, etc.)
6. If you are an interpreter, how long have you been working as a certified or licensed professional interpreter? 
7. If sign is not your first language, what is? (e.g. English, Spanish, Chinese, etc.) `fill in box`
8. Can we contact you for further questions? It'll not be shared outside of SignsFive team `add email contact form`

- - -

### Discussion Notes
- Want survey set-up and ready before the IRID/IAD conference
- Regarding language page, there's no design yet, but a simple launch/landing page (eg: LaunchRocks). Discussion of what this page should look like, what the survey is, how to layout everything in a simple way
	- Includes SignsFive, brief description, MailChimp signup (need to set up), and TypeForm link to survey
- Purpose of separated GitHub (API and Web)?
	- Benefits of two separate is that front end could develop with mock json data first. Allows backend team to focus on Request/Response styled calls. Develop on Postman without interface clutter. 
	- https://apidocs.imgur.com/ (made with https://www.getpostman.com/docs/postman_for_publishers/public_api_docs , consider using this for our work?)
-  For videos/clips/gifs, use Imgur and Youtube to link up
- Regarding survey, can we use the promote or recruit? Include check box to include check box and email about various participation levels. 

- - -
Mock data:
``` 
{
	‘Term’:’aurora borealis’,
‘Description’:’A purrty green or blue light in the way up north’,
‘Tag’: [‘nature’,’science’,’green’]
‘Video’:[
‘https://imgur.com/dis/here/’,
‘https://youtube.com/abc123qq’
],
‘Unique_id’: 1424,
‘Thumbnail’: [
	‘Thumb1.jpg’,
	‘thumb2.png’
],
‘Added’: 38748327487,
‘Modified’: 1238273827
  
}
```

- - -

### Alpha Version

- Alpha: [Vue.JS](https://vuejs.org/) (quicker set up and syntax; flexibility)
- Beta: [React.JS](https://facebook.github.io/react/) (for scalability and more testable and support) 

What's needed for Alpha version of the site?
1. Example pages for specific words 
    - Thumbnails
    - Video, Clip or GIF (YouTube and/or Imgur) ← Record a video of us, upload to YouTube, embed in prototype webpage (or something along those lines)
      - Sign alone itself
      - Sign in a sentence / context
    - Tags (later for Beta version?)
    - Meaning
    - Summary of context/origin
    - Optional: Related signs and/or words (Later for Beta)
      - ^ for alpha: placeholders or mock data :P
    - Votes (late alpha? or beta?
    - Open-ended comments/feedback (discussing regional differences, etc.)
2. Worry about search interaction/implementation later
3. Submit a Word/Sign
    - Use Google Forms for easier data analytics 
    - What is word?
    - What is meaning/context/origin/region?
    - Link to YouTube or Imgur
    - Can contact for your question?
